README.md, before:

# 💼 Jason's GitHub

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm Jason, a software engineer with a passion for programming, systems development, and creating engaging user experiences. Here, you'll find some of the projects I've worked on, showcasing my skills and experience across various platforms and technologies.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 👨‍💻 Software Engineer with experience in Slots (EGMs), Progressives, and System programming [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasonryancunningham/)
- 🎮 Deep knowledge of the gaming industry and regulations (foreign and domestic)
- 🏆 Completed [C# 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0 Modern Cross-Platform Development](https://www.google.com/search?q=ISBN+978-1-78847-812-0)
- 🏆 Completed [Android Basics with Compose](https://developer.android.com/courses/android-basics-compose/course?authuser=1) and other key developer courses
- 📘 Proficient in C++, C#, Java, Python, Kotlin, and more

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?logo=java&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kotlin-0095D5?logo=kotlin&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black&style=flat-square)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-0078D6?logo=windows&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=black&style=flat-square) 
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Android-3DDC84?logo=android&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)

![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

### [Random Quote Generator](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/randquote)
**Description:** Quote generator for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, SASS, Bootstrap
- **Key Features:** Randomly display one of ten quotes.

### 📱 [Droidcorder for Android App](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/Droidcorder)
**Description:** building an operational "tricorder" using just the sensor package available on Android
- **Technologies:** Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, Android sensor framework
- **Key Features:** Real-time sensor readings, saving and pushing readings to cloud storage, data analysis of sensor readings.

---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 📧 Email: [jasonryancunningham.slashing859@passinbox.com](mailto:jasonryancunningham.slashing859@passinbox.com) 
- 💼 LinkedIn: [Jason's LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasonryancunningham/)

---

Feel free to explore my repositories, and don’t hesitate to reach out if you’re interested in collaborating or learning more about my work!

Commit message:

Front End Development Libraries Certificate Projects
Finish adding projects for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.

README.md, after:

# 💼 Jason's GitHub

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm Jason, a software engineer with a passion for programming, systems development, and creating engaging user experiences. Here, you'll find some of the projects I've worked on, showcasing my skills and experience across various platforms and technologies.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 👨‍💻 Software Engineer with experience in Slots (EGMs), Progressives, and System programming [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasonryancunningham/)
- 🎮 Deep knowledge of the gaming industry and regulations (foreign and domestic)
- 🏆 Completed [C# 8.0 and .NET Core 3.0 Modern Cross-Platform Development](https://www.google.com/search?q=ISBN+978-1-78847-812-0)
- 🏆 Completed [Android Basics with Compose](https://developer.android.com/courses/android-basics-compose/course?authuser=1) and other key developer courses
- 📘 Proficient in C++, C#, Java, Python, Kotlin, and more

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Java-007396?logo=java&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kotlin-0095D5?logo=kotlin&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black&style=flat-square)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-0078D6?logo=windows&logoColor=white&style=flat-square) 
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?logo=linux&logoColor=black&style=flat-square) 
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Android-3DDC84?logo=android&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)

![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android_Studio-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

### :globe_with_meridians:[Random Quote Generator](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/randquote)

**Description:** Quote generator for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, SASS, Bootstrap
- **Key Features:** Randomly display one of ten quotes.

### :globe_with_meridians:[Markdown Previewer](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/markdownpreview)

**Description:** Markdown Previewer for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, SASS, Bootstrap
- **Key Features:** Shows preview of markdown formatting of markdown test entered in the editing field.

### :globe_with_meridians:[Drum Machine](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/drummachine)

**Description:** Durm Machine for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, SASS, Bootstrap
- **Key Features:** play sound based on which of nine drumpads are clicked.

### :globe_with_meridians:[Calculator](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/calculator)

**Description:** Calculator for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, SASS, Bootstrap
- **Key Features:** Works like a in-real-life simple calculator, able to do `+`,`-`,`*`, and `/` operations based on standard order of operations.


### :globe_with_meridians:[Pomodoro Timer](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/pomodoro-timer)

**Description:** a 25-5 Timer for freeCodeCamps's Front End Development Libraries Certificate.
- **Technologies:** Javascript, React, Redux, SASS
- **Key Features:** Alternating session and break timers with a sounded alarm at the end of each timer.

### :iphone:[Droidcorder for Android App](https://github.com/JasonRyanCunningham/Droidcorder)

**Description:** building an operational "tricorder" using just the sensor package available on Android
- **Technologies:** Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, Android sensor framework
- **Key Features:** Real-time sensor readings, saving and pushing readings to cloud storage, data analysis of sensor readings.

---

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- 📧 Email: [jasonryancunningham.slashing859@passinbox.com](mailto:jasonryancunningham.slashing859@passinbox.com) 
- 💼 LinkedIn: [Jason's LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasonryancunningham/)

---

Feel free to explore my repositories, and don’t hesitate to reach out if you’re interested in collaborating or learning more about my work!
